Alternative approach to debug logging utilities. (#64)
JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl: README.md

Main | [Warn] This is a warning, should take a look.
```

## `LevelOverrideLogger` (*Filter*)

> Allows overriding the log level set by any nested logger. Useful when debug logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows overriding the minimum log level set by the logger it wraps.
Useful when debug logging
```

and used in conjuction with `Logging.with_logger` or `LoggingExtras.with` to

> temporarily modify the current logger with a custom level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
temporarily modify the current logger with a custom level.
More generally useful if you want to use the current/global logger as a _sink_ but don't know if it is going to have a problematically high min log level set (as julia's default logger sets min level to `Info`).
```

```julia
julia> using LoggingExtras

julia> logger = LevelOverrideLogger(Debug, global_logger())

julia> with_logger(logger) do
           @debug "This message will log since we're overriding the global Info default log level"
       end
┌ Debug: This message will log since we're overriding the global Info default log level
└ @ Main REPL[33]:2
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is roughly complementary to the `MinLevelFilterLogger`.
The `MinLevelFilterLogger` lets you effectively *raise* the level of any logger it wraps to meet the level you specify.
The `LevelOverrideLogger` lets you *lower* (or *raise*) the level of the wrapped logger as it bypasses checks on it entirely.

```

# Utilities

> ## Verbosity macros

Reviewer: Somewhere in here need to mention that `verbosity` is just an abstraction built on storing an integer in the `group`.

Reviewer: No longer true so resolving

Sometimes when logging, it is desirable to be able to specify a verbosity level in addition to
the log level, and to be able to filter on verbosity levels. For example, you may want multiple levels
of verbosity for `Debug` log statements. LoggingExtras.jl exports verbosity macros that act like their
non-verbose counterparts, but allow specifying a verbosity level as well:
  * `@debugv N msg`
  * `@infov N msg`
  * `@warnv N msg`
  * `@errorv N msg`

For verbosity filtering, the `LoggingExtras.with(f; level=Info, verbosity=0)` utlility is provided
for temporarily (i.e. while `f()` is executed) allowing log messages with `level` and `verbosity`.

> This is very handy for allowing control in debug logging for long-running or complex user API function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is very handy for allowing finer grained control in debug logging for long-running or complex user API function
```
